Triannual Review (#12)
greenelab/onboarding: onboarding.md

1.  Discuss challenges.
2.  Plan strategy (project related, personal career, etc).

> **Triannual Review:** Every four months students and staff will individually meet with Casey to discuss current progress made and future goals to accomplish by end of next cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Triannual Self Reflection:** Every four months students and staff will individually meet with Casey to discuss their existing goals, current progress made and set goals for the next interval.
```

To prepare for these meetings students and staff are required to create an activity report that contains any of the following information (if applicable):

- publications: submitted/accepted/published
- grants/fellowships/scholarships: applied/awarded
- presentations delivered
- posters presented
- meeting abstracts: submitted/accepted
- software releases
- other honors
- goals for next session: What would you like to accomplish by the end of next cycle?

> - self-evaluation. What do you regard as your strengths and as areas where you need improvement?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- self-reflection. What do you regard as your strengths and as areas where you need improvement?
```

> The report should be in the form of a plain text file, markdown file, or PDF and the file should be called lastname-selfeval-yearmonth (e.g. Greene-selfeval-201908.txt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The report should be in the form of a plain text file, markdown file, or PDF and the file should be called lastname-reflection-yearmonth (e.g. Greene-reflection-201908.txt).
```

Submit the report in a direct message to Casey via slack.
During the summer, graduate students and post docs are requried to complete Penn's individual development plan (IDP).

> This document covers more in-depth content than the regular triannual review; therefore, the IDP can be used as a replacement annual report for that cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document covers more in-depth content than the regular triannual self reflection; therefore, the IDP can be used as a replacement annual report for that cycle.
Because much of the material is overlapping, trainees will benefit from preserving their self reflection materials in a format that supports copying and pasting to the IDP form.
```
